From the beautiful theater district in Boston, Massachusetts.
One of my favorite theaters in the United States, the beautiful Wilbur Theater here.
I'm very, very excited to announce my favorite words of all time.
Harmontown is now in session.
Spencer Crittenden!
Oh yeah!
Let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown. Give it up for Dan Harmon.
Thank you!
Thank you, Boston.
My goodness.
Wow.
Oh, and they have cabaret style seating. This is wonderful.
What a great theater. This is really nice.
I thought we had a one person standing ovation, but that was the cocktail waiter down there.
It sounds like they're standing up in their hearts.
That's one of the warmest receptions we've ever gotten. Thank you, Boston.
Thank you, thank you. We haven't been in front of an audience in a while and had to come out here.
The last three weeks in Los Angeles, we've been farting around and getting our sea legs back.
This is nice. I'm probably a little nervous because I wrote you guys a song because I wanted to get on your good side.
I have that privilege where I could just not know as a thousand people and they paid.
What did you guys pay? Too much.
It's a working class town. It's always too much, right?
Everything's too much. I got toilets to make out of porcelain.
I didn't want to have you plunging them, nor is that a bad occupation, sir.
I think this guy makes them.
To me, it's all drudgery. I sit in a zeppelin thinking thoughts for money.
Ten migrant workers then just type the thoughts for me.
I love all of them more than any Republican.
I would sell you out, America.
If you're an unemployed welder who's been replaced by a robot, you're right.
I'm a coastal elite. I hate you more than the people we're bringing in over the border.
I'd love them because they pick my strawberries. I would trade you for anything.
It's all about extremes. It's a war between whether or not we're going to just let everyone flood in
and eat each other alive or whether we have to have a fucking baby Schwitz.
Baby Schwitz? Pointed.
Hashtag baby Schwitz.
And again, my apologies to people who, through whatever connection or whatever philosophical loyalty
or actual familial connection, feel offense at the now-every-day maybe glib comparisons to third-rightishness.
But I gotta say, look, I've said it before. I'll say it again.
When it comes to comparing you to Hitler, I like to jump the gun.
I like to get way up early.
And I just think the worst thing that happens to you is you're a politician that got compared to Hitler too early
and you should learn to live with that.
All politicians should be able to survive being compared to Hitler.
It's not that hard a litmus test.
Did you have a hard day, honey? Yeah, it was hard. What happened?
Some of the people compared me to Hitler.
Did you act like Hitler in any perceivable way?
Well, my health care bill's a little draconian.
Okay, but yeah, okay, they'll get over it, go to bed, sleep like a non-Hitler baby.
I'm gonna run that flow chart through today's reality.
Have a hard day. Yeah, compare me to Hitler.
What did you do?
Mmm, baby schwitz.
Baby schwitz. It sounds like a delicious beer.
Crack into a cold baby schwitz.
The press wants to get in.
Well, the real news or the fake news?
Oh, the Lugan press for sure. I mean, the fake news.
Yeah, they're trying to get in, but they won't wait the two weeks.
I mean, why do you need two weeks to let people in to see the kids?
What are you doing that takes two weeks to change about your baby schwitz?
It's either a room full of babies that deserve to be behind a beautiful, clean, comfortable chain link fence
that I'm not at all saying is inhumane, especially for criminals,
which everyone is that tries to get in no matter what.
There's aboveboard ways to try to get in, and if you don't, you're a criminal.
And so if you're a criminal and there's like a baby blanket,
or a little in a Buck Rogers space blanket, you're fine.
Sorry, I don't want to get political tonight.
But Dan, a lot of these babies are dangerous political dissidents and intellectuals.
We got to weed out the bad babies.
So even taking it like there should be a face value thing here.
So it's like, I understand that you need the babies locked up.
So now where do we get into this part where I'm like, hey, can I come take a look at them?
Maybe in two weeks.
What?
That's cause for alarm.
That's way more time than my landlord has to wait before he opens my fucking door and comes in
and looks at my bong and like, right?
Like when I lived in an apartment, I was like, I could yell at the landlord
if he like tried to get in, and I was like, you need to wait 30 hours.
It's the law.
Oh, it's fine, but you haven't paid your rent in six months.
Yes, so what? I got rights.
You need to wait 30 hours.
All right, anyways, here's my stuff.
That was Dan's Boston song, everybody.
And hey, these are turbulent times.
And if you're having passionate feelings, and I don't even care if you're wrong.
Like if you're passionate feelings are wrong, like, look, I know I live in a bubble.
I'm coming out from LA.
You people are my hosts.
You're being gracious to me rolling out a red carpet.
You're feeding me your food.
You're putting me up in your hotel.
I mean, not, yeah, you are.
I'm sure your tax is paid for that hotel.
I mean, I am a guest here, so I just want to thank you.
I did not intend to go off about this thing that everyone's talking about.
And if you are, there's a thousand people here.
So there's probably, there are a couple of you that have like feelings
that I'm rubbing up against with my liberal claptrap.
And I want to thank, thank you for, thank you for, thank you for zipping it.
It's what I was going to say, let me finish.
I was about to thank you for, shut the fuck up.
But no, I really appreciate that.
I don't, because I don't want to start a fucking show with me.
Oh, and then someone's like,
Because we're just going to do what we've been doing on Twitter for six months.
Yeah.
I want to reward your patience and your silence and your,
well, hopefully not your total silence,
but maybe your intermittent applause.
You know what I could go for right now, Dan?
A song?
Yeah, well, a song and the smooth taste of a nice cold baby Swiss.
The low carb beer with a nipple on it.
Yes.
Try new baby schlitz lime.
Tuck into the room, temperature, titty.
That rewards you like a good mama after a hard day in the rock yard.
Baby Swiss.
Yeah.
Let's hear this song for God's sake.
I have not heard this song.
I didn't know that you composed a little, a little.
Yeah.
And I got to do it acapella.
If I had time, I would have,
I would have like gotten out garage behind or something.
It would have been a disaster.
So it's acapella.
I don't know.
And I'm not really a singer or a musician, but you, you, you, you paid.
And I don't do a lot of research about the cities I go to.
I know the typewriter was invented here.
Boston, Massachusetts, you sits on the Boston Bay.
And the tea you tossed into it made the British go away.
Your buildings and your streets are famous.
So is all your food.
But here's what I've learned while walking from the lobby to my room.
You might be alcoholics, Boston.
And I don't throw that word around.
You maybe have a problem, Boston.
And that makes you my kind of town.
Boston, Massachusetts, you sits on the Boston Mall.
And you may, hey, hey, hey,
Be the cutest of them all.
So now you're on my side for, I got you for an hour and a half.
I could do whatever now, I could fart on a fucking shoe.
I spent a lot of, just spent most of the afternoon today.
I spent most of my afternoon today just hanging out by the Boston Bay.
It was so nice out of there.
You're going to drop by that mall too.
The mall.
The famous mall of Boston.
They got Sephora, they got the baby gap.
The birthplace of Quincy Jones.
Quincy Jones.
When he was working on Thriller with Button Gwyneth.
I was having some pizza up at what do you call it, the North End?
The North End, yeah.
And I was just typing in, I was there not that long ago and my girlfriend and I, we went and saw all the kind of the big touristy historical spots.
And I just typed in, let's see what I'm around historically.
And number three on Yelp, Skinny House.
Famous for being a skinny house, that's it.
Oh, it's not, it's not.
No, the Paul Revere statue was number five.
Well, it's been there forever.
What has it done for anyone lately?
It's the Paul Revere statue, like spit out burgers, you know, if you, it's there to keep the red coats away.
It's doing its job.
Yeah, we take it for granted a little bit, but it's kind of a gargoyle, you know, you take a picture, you move on.
Skinny House, that sounds like important.
I thought it was a vegan restaurant.
Skinny House.
It should be.
The only restaurant where you leave thinner than you came in.
That would be Beverly Hills.
You can't even get out.
Yeah, if we've done our job, you won't be able to leave.
We're going to feed you so well that you're a fire hazard.
But seriously, there is it now.
Obviously, my view is skewed.
When I, my first few times I was in New York, I was working as a writer and all I saw was Times Square.
I was staying at a hotel and I'm like telling everybody, yeah, New York's like this and it's like that.
There's hot dogs all over the place and vomit.
Oh, no, I don't like New York.
And then my friend took me and like, he's like, no, there's like, you know, you got to go below 105th and whatever the fuck people talk about there.
So my view of Boston is limited to a hotel lobby, but I will say, I think, I think it's safe to say there is a broader definition of when you're supposed to call the police.
Like, on a man, that is like, our show is being interrupted.
Uh, it's Schrab is crawling onto the stage wearing an outfit or costume. It's hard to explain.
It's hard to explain.
Thank you. Thank you.
I bet she thought I was a dog.
I thought you were a seal. I thought you were doing like a little seal bit.
The sea dog of the ocean.
The first rule of theater always make an entrance.
Or be wait to be brought out.
He doesn't like being, he doesn't like waiting to be brought out.
No, he doesn't like, he's not a patient man.
So before we started the show, Rob was like brainstorming stage work and stuff.
Like I saw him pulling various props off the wall and he was like trying to use chairs as stilts.
It was really watching a master honing his craft.
And to see that that resulted in the result it did, it was truly just wonderful for me.
This, this is only, this is only the first part of it.
Yeah. This is act one.
He's got, Rob has, Rob promises more costume changes tonight than Dolly Parton.
Oh look, they stooled with no back.
You get so sad then.
Where's he going?
Strob, everybody.
Our next guest.
Anyways, there's, I mean, I'm just saying in the, in the, in the day that I've been in my hotel,
I have seen a lot of grown men.
He's going to hurt himself.
Steve, come help.
Dan, just continue.
He's going.
Keep going.
He's stilting on chairs.
Do your thing.
Do your part and I'll do my part, he says.
Get even with us.
Fifty-fifty.
Don't upstages.
Yeah.
Rob.
Don't upstages.
You've been great.
Here's, here's my impression of Schrab on an airplane.
You know, they say if you get on the airplane's Wi-Fi, that's how you get hacked.
And then here's Rob at the hotel this morning in the, in the lobby.
You know, if you get on the hotel's Wi-Fi, isn't that how I get your credit card?
Yeah.
And I, and I'm like, yeah, Schrab, have you heard that they're cutting people's ankles
and the, and the grocery store parking lot?
I'll forward you an email about it because I'm 70.
See, he's a very prudent, cautious man in real life.
He doesn't like to.
I'm prudent, unconscious.
I got, I, that was just me hitting the thing by accident.
Oh.
It's very sensitive.
I feel like I'm rolling with a lot of punches.
You're doing great.
Okay, well, don't, don't, unlike other people, I don't need that.
I don't thrive on that.
I will earn that.
Like, you don't think I was, would be doing that in my living room by myself.
Crawling around with a wookie jacket.
It flew you out here, man.
I know.
It was a recent show, but it was like, he found out he was coach and he, he almost had a meltdown.
That's not true.
Had to bump him up to first class during the show.
When's the last time, toilet maker, when's the last time you flew first class?
Yeah, never.
Your boss maybe did on his way to a ceramic seminar.
Because he said, to figure out how to gouge your labor.
Okay, with these sitting in the back of the plane while you're up there with your...
No, I wouldn't feel okay.
Because I have empathy and I treat people with respect.
And I don't, I don't trump all over their shows.
Yes.
You know.
Thank you.
That's very, very nice of you.
I open my doors to my friends.
Thank you.
And then, and then I respect and support them.
Cool.
And then I...
So anyways, my, I was just, all I was going to say is that there's a lot of drunk people
here.
I, I...
It's a, it's a weird thing.
It's weird.
It's not the amount.
It's the age.
It's the fact that it's like a all ages affair.
Like guys that just look like, like a friend of my dad's.
Like, just swaying.
I'm like, like, like people...
Yeah, we were out last night.
We got into town late.
Dan and I went for a quick, like, like, you know, like, like nightcap.
And there was a guy.
Oh, let's, let's put him at 57 years old.
54?
Maybe...
He looked like a prop master.
Is that a reference to...
No.
You guys aren't TV show runners.
He looked like a prop master.
Yeah.
He looked like a, like a, like a vice principal of something.
And, uh...
I put him more below the line.
Yeah.
But he, he came out of the bathroom and he was, like, completely, like, using all the
surfaces to not fall down.
Like...
Like a xenomorph.
But he had this, he had this incredible, like, if I, if I was that drunk, I'd go,
oh fuck, I gotta make it all the way out, out there through a very narrow corridor of
bar stools and people moving and people serving drinks.
I would, I would get on my knees and say, take me to jail.
But this is not good, this is not good podcasting.
This is the, he was so excited about it.
This is what separates Boston from Drunks that I see in Los Angeles.
This is the look on the guy's face as he was barely making it.
He was going...
Yeah.
Very happy about it.
It's a, it's a friendly town.
I think, I think that's the key.
Cause I was gonna say, in New York in LA, like, I've been, in both, in New York in LA, I've
been with drunk people all the way up to Andy Dick levels of, of, of actual Andy Dick.
And like, there's that, but even if you're not Andy Dick and you're famous and you have
this like, like tag in your heads, like, like New York bouncers will be like, they'll,
it's very impressive the way that they'll, like, even a guy who's like a functional
alcoholic, but you can, he's in that dark pocket of the night.
Like, and he's just like, he's, he's pulling it off with his friends, but the
bouncer will be like, nope.
Like, he's like, and I was like, I have a bartender go, go like, uh-uh, not you.
You, you won't look me in the eye.
Like it's very empathic and like, like, sentimental kind of like, like, like hierarchy there.
It's like, like, like, like, but, but, but I do think that, I mean, here there's like a
support of the, which I guess reminds me of Milwaukee.
It's like, it's like, like, like that guy, that guy had a smile on his face cause he
wasn't ashamed of what was happening to him because, because the bartender was probably
after we left was probably like, Kevin, you want another one?
You know, she probably put out a rope ladder for him to get to the bar and he, and, and,
and, and he said, am I on a helicopter?
She probably said, you can be Kevin, you can be.
If you just dream had enough.
You were waiting for me to.
Oh shit.
You were waiting for me to do the.
It's gonna be that easy.
The master of accents.
You've heard my Australian tour.
I am a man of a thousand dialects.
What's, what do you?
They're liking that hat mate.
They're liking that happen.
Say that you like the hat, that hat mate, but in a, in a full hardcore Southie Boston.
You like that hat.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I just know that ours go away.
I don't know anything.
But I do know my friend Dave Horowitz, I think he lived here for a while and he said at this
very theater, there was a blue man group show and there was a commercial for it on TV in
the nineties that he told me about.
He's like, oh, you're going to Boston.
You know, every time I think of Boston, I think of this hilarious commercial for the
blue man group at the Wilbur theater in the nineties.
And it was a, you know, blue man group.
And there was one of those things where they do the theatrical testimonials like the audience
people are like, like the every man Joe is like, like, like come see the show.
And it was great.
And I'm trying to find the quote.
He told me, uh, fuck God.
Dammit.
Harmon.
Other people in the sky.
There's two balconies.
Rob.
That's called a balcony.
Oh, okay.
Sorry.
So it's just, it is, he's, there's just this guy with like a baseball hat on and he, any,
uh, okay, we're all going to die.
Uh, the, the, the, it's for blue man group.
They're like, blue man group, come see the show.
They're critics are raving.
Oh, the blue man groups at the Wilbur theater.
And then there's just this guy in the lobby of the Wilbur doing one of those testimonials
and he goes like, he goes, hell of a ride.
Pack your bags.
It was like Greg, Greg groups is all joking.
He goes, all the thing in Boston.
Like I, you try to flirt.
Every girl you talk to is like flirting with Cliff Clavin.
Yeah.
I mean, I got pulled over in Delaware once by a cop.
And I could, it was my first time talking to anyone from that region at all.
And I was, so I was going through this horrible experience.
Cause I was like, I felt like the other man's coming down on me.
And it's like, but also he's like, it sounds like a cartoon.
He was like, you don't have an insurance card.
And I was like, come on, this is silly.
Like you, you can't have a gun.
You sound like a, you sound like a TV show.
But then people where I'm from, if you tell them how I talk where we come from,
people go like, no, that's Fargo.
That's not real.
I'm like, that is real.
We talk like that in Milwaukee.
I have just dropped to that accent in support of a professional career.
I no longer speak like a Philistine.
I talk like Tom Brokaw all the time.
I have no nasal twang.
I lost the song.
Luster, you guys are losing faith in me.
No, we're not Dan.
We love you.
Okay.
Here's the thing.
I'm like, what are you, Tony Danza?
What are you doing?
I'm sorry.
You want me to be uncomfortable?
Okay.
I don't know.
Would you rather I'd be uncomfortable?
Because it's your show.
Schrab pointed at the Harmontown.
Basically it's a table.
Schrab, what was the, we took a long, a car ride from...
Okay.
This is something.
I don't know.
The whole ride from Dan's place to LAX takes about, let's call it 40 minutes.
It was like an hour.
40 minutes to an hour.
That's fair.
That's very fair.
And I had something to get off my chest.
Do you guys have movie posters here?
Like, not just movie posters, like coming this summer, but like, like, like, like bus
stop signs that have movie posters and stuff like that.
Okay.
So you know what a movie poster is, then?
Now we can get, now we can start my thing.
Okay.
I don't know if you guys heard about this, but a couple of months ago, and I think it's
still in theaters, there was this movie called Peter Rabbit, and it's about a, yeah.
And it's about a, it's a movie with a bunch of computer-generated rabbits in it, one
of them named Peuner.
I know it's about time.
Now I haven't seen this movie, I'm sure it's fine, and I'm sure the people worked really
hard on it.
But the advertisers, there's a poster that says, and I go through this every time one
of these movies comes out, it says, there's a picture of Peter Rabbit, no pants, shirt,
going like this, in front of a blue void, and then it says, in big blocky letters, better
eight than never.
A-T-E, better eight than never.
Right.
What the fuck does that mean?
Is this, is this a sequel to a movie that he ate something in?
Is this, is this something that we've been waiting for, the Peter Rabbit movie?
They're like, Paddington 2, where's Peter Rabbit?
God damn it, better eight than never.
Good, wait a minute, why eight?
Well, because he'd also have to be like Peter Stumick or something, you know, like Peter,
Peter Eater, you know, like better, better eight than never.
But he's got no pants on and he's jumping like this, his stomach is flat, his washboard,
I, and, is he holding a carrot level?
No, no, not no carrot, no stump carrots, no, nothing, not a pile of carrots, not a full,
no, no, better eight than never.
This happens all the time, remember the fucking Peabody movie, the dog movie?
Oh, yeah.
Sherman and Peabody movie, the tagline for that was, anybody?
Come on, you know this.
The dog, the dog father of all comedies.
Right.
Sherman and Peabody, it's about a talking dog who gets a pet boy who travels in time,
not to mob times, dinosaurs, Abe Lincoln, Napoleon, not to mob times, mob times,
and it's the dog father of all comedies.
You know that thing when we go, well, you know, it's the mother of all comedies,
and then it's the, you know, the sisterhood of all comedies,
but the dog father of all comedies, the godfather of all comedies.
And we all know that there's the father of all comedies, that's a very common thing to say.
But I guess, I guess dog and god rhyme, no, they don't.
The dog father of all comedies, better eight than never.
Look for it, it'll piss you off.
You'll be driving down the street and you'll go, rabbit, ate, I guess all animals eat,
and this one must have ate something and he's happy about it
and I should go see this movie because of why.
Because it's better than never.
Never can come and soon enough.
Because that's when I'm going to see your movie.
Jesus, come on.
Better eight than never. Get the fuck out of here with that.
Get the fuck out of here with that.
I got to pick the kids up.
It's going to be, I mean, like the 405 is a parking lot.
Why don't we just, better eight than never.
Okay, send it. Put it out.
I got to get home.
I got to get home. The fucking water jug guy is delivering today.
If I don't open the door.
Sir, you're the head of a studio. We need you to sign on.
Nobody's watching. Nobody cares.
They're just driving by. They see rabbit.
They see a bunch of words.
Maybe I'll see it.
All of those posters should just say custody weekend is coming.
They should just say, drop your kids off.
They'll be relatively safe for two hours.
Probably not.
When did, when did, when was rhyming such an important part of movie taglines?
I mean, long, long ago in a galaxy far, far away.
Doesn't rhyme with anything.
You know, 26 million years in the making.
You will believe a man can fly.
Right, right.
Superman.
In space, no one can hear you scream.
No rhyming involved.
Everything is like, better up than pop.
Yeah, you're right.
You're right.
Levy, Levy, what was the yogi bear one?
Oh, yeah.
Do you remember the yogi bear?
Great things come in bears.
That's a, that's a very Boston.
Which?
I can see why that, that captures your heart.
It feels like a very, very high, like them apples.
But that sounds like, well, first of all.
That sounds like a gay porn tagline.
That's why they like it.
They're like, yeah, great things come in bears.
Yeah.
Hey, come on.
This is retarded.
This is from Boston.
This is from Mark Wahlberg.
Retarded, man.
This is retarded.
I'm coming in your bag.
Wicked piss ass.
Fucking your bag.
He's fucking a chair.
Great things come in bears.
I hope it's another bear.
I hope it's a great bear.
I think it's Mark Wahlberg.
I think he's, that's, that's why he talks to animals so much.
He's, he's grooming them.
That's why he bought a zoo.
Did he, did he buy a zoo?
That's why he bought it.
That's Matt Damon.
I don't get those guys mixed up.
Yeah, I'm going to accept that groan.
I might have gone over the line.
I might have accidentally asked you to trivialize pedophilia in your mind.
That's good to find your boundaries, Boston.
Certainly didn't find them in the elevator.
Like guys that look like they should be a senator just fucking swaying
and breathing out of their ears.
They're drunk and they're like, like,
clapping their hands randomly.
I mean, they're probably from out of town, but you're, you're...
I got an elevator.
You laid out that carpet for them.
We're staying at a nice hotel and we, I stupidly chose to stay way up top.
Like I'm on the top floor, but it's a big convention in town.
It's like a big car thing.
So it's a lot of like fast and furious looking dudes.
Like a lot of big, a lot of giant, like very tanned biceps
and a lot of big fake titties.
And so I get to stop at every stop on the way down.
And it's just a lot of cologne.
It's a potpourri of muscles and perfumes.
And everybody's lovely and nice and like, no one was a jerk at everything.
But just one guy gets in and he's just, you know, he's like probably my age,
but because of all the tanning, he looks a little older and he's really big and buff.
And he stands, he does the thing where he doesn't turn around and face the door.
He just, because we're rammed in there.
So he's got us back to the door.
He's like, everyone knows no one talks in elevators?
Oh boy.
Anybody got me coke? I'm the guy.
Oh, there's a kid. Hey kid, you like to do coconut?
I don't like that guy. I don't like that guy.
The guy that gets on the bus or the tram or the, you know,
and it's just like, what is this? The fossil flyer?
Come on. Put a smile on your face.
Like, wait, come on, we're not, we're not sitting here in silence
because we lack the fucking aptitude to be jocular.
We're just, we're in mass transit.
We're having a bad day. We're minding our own business.
Like, you know, people eat people on these things.
We want, we're prepared for that. How's that sound?
We weren't prepared for your open mic.
And then the door opened and there wasn't really room for three people,
but three people were waiting to get on like halfway down.
And he goes, he goes, I can't do the accent because you're cute.
You get on and we'll kick some of the ugly guys off.
Every floor had a new routine. It was, it was, it was disappointing.
It was anybody like going, well, they have to.
That's the thing is that people nervous laugh
and then they take the nervous laugh and they don't,
they don't, something in their brain doesn't tell nervous laughter
from fucking real laughter. They're like, I'm killing over here.
Oh, I'm not, like, we got them in LA.
We got them in Burbank. We got them in, we got them in Detroit.
We got them in Detroit.
Me and Logan.
Living in America.
What is the Huey Lewis song?
Well, is Boston mentioned in the Huey Lewis song, the Hard Rock and Roll?
Hard Rock and Roll.
Or is it, or is it, because when I was, when I was,
I think it is.
My local radio station sent a version of that song
and then he would like, I think Huey Lewis like said all 70,000 American cities
and then they would put it in.
So it was like during the like the extended dance mix.
You guys are too young to be, have been alive at a time when there was radio,
let alone when radio was so unaccountable.
Huey Lewis 10-minute mixes were being played.
Huey Lewis at one point roamed the earth as a god.
And there was just not enough Huey Lewis to still,
they would stretch what they had out into power mixes
while you were driving to work at your sundial plant
and to prepare your Brancho Burgers.
And so, and then they would just have random snippets of Huey Lewis going,
Milwaukee!
Because you lived in Milwaukee and I'm assuming that he, that he, somewhere else,
he's like...
He probably wouldn't hear it.
Medford!
Lapute!
Yeah.
Ah.
Valencia!
Harder rock and roll.
Um, oh, so anyways, oh, kudos.
You guys, come on.
You're vending machines.
Is the pay range thing catching on?
Pay range?
Have you heard of this?
She's, she's...
One person.
That's awesome.
I'm gonna fucking weep.
I was so sad last night because I'm in a hotel.
The food, the room service is in the past 11, which I don't understand.
Like, if I'm, if I'm in a, why would you,
why would you stop having people make food for people in a hotel after 11
when, if I wanted food before 11, I wouldn't eat at a hotel.
I don't know, that doesn't make any sense.
Like, why are you, what do you think room service is for?
I'm drunk, I'm dangerous.
Like, like, quell me or face the fucking urban legends that will befall you.
I, I, I, I have a sea of accountants and lawyers.
I can do anything I want to this weird hipster colonial art.
Um, I could, I could just fold this up and put it in my duffel bag.
I like Paul Revere.
I'm gonna play it.
I've, I've done, I've broken shit lately.
I'm entering a dark chapter of my life.
I, I, I've just unscrewed weird urban art fixtures and just like dropped them and
I've, I've gotten very good at putting, at putting together like Legos,
the remote control because the remote controls never work at some point.
I just throw it out the wall and they go, I'm gonna put that back together now.
Yeah, it usually works.
You know people take, sorry, you know people take remote controls traveling
because it's more, it's easier for them than like using the fucking hotel remotes.
Oh yeah, like really, that's brilliant.
That's like next level.
That's fucked up.
I love you too.
That's nice.
Anyways.
Thank you sir.
I got on off a little digression there but uh, the key is fill me with chili
and you won't have a problem but, but the.
That's the key.
But so I was very sad.
There's other problems.
I got back to the hotel at like 11, 10 or something.
There's no room service.
There's nothing you can do.
There's nothing.
So I got, oh god.
Are there vending machines?
I don't know.
I call the front desk guest services.
I'm like, why, why is there a guest services?
Have that guy make sandwiches.
I, I, what, what else is his job?
There's nothing else available.
He just has to keep answering and saying, we can't do anything.
That's like, make sandwiches.
Just bad ones even.
Just be like, look, I was like, we've all crashed at friends houses.
We don't expect royal treatment.
It's just like we're drunk.
We're hungry.
So, but, but anyways, I didn't.
I'm sorry to bug you with this, but are there, are there vending machines?
I don't know.
He's like, well, there should be one right on your floor.
If you, if you go right towards the window and I go, okay, thank you.
Vending machines.
I need to find my role of cash.
Here we go.
The vending machine trip.
Am I right kids?
Dollar by dollar with the, oh, face it this way.
And oh, it's spitting back out.
You don't know what, like, what is it?
What does it want from us?
Like what, what, this one's crisp.
This one's got bubble gum on it.
You like that one?
Oh, the corner can't be folded.
The corner has to be folded.
The, the, the White House should be showing.
That's not the White House.
It's the Lincoln place.
I know my shit.
It's the Lincoln Bay.
I don't come to Boston Harbor without the Boston mall without, without, anyways.
So, so I go up to the thing and I'm like, oh, here we go again.
There's a little sticker on the thing with a little QR code.
It says, hey, get the app.
I fucking pull out my phone.
What?
I point the camera at the QR code.
A little link comes down and goes, you want to go and get this app?
I go to the app store because there's the app they were talking about.
App goes, what's up?
You want to download me?
And they're like, look, we don't want anything from you.
They're like, thanks for signing up.
Give us your email.
We're going to shoot you an email.
You confirm you want to join our club, whatever.
You can give us a fake email if you want.
Don't give us a fake email.
Here's $2.
$2 in the vending machine.
I got a free bag of fucking popcorn.
$1.25.
I ran to my room.
I looked around.
I went back to my room.
I'm eating a free bag of popcorn from a vending machine because I downloaded an app.
Homeless people don't have a chance.
They're never going to catch up to our Logan's Run Society.
There's people out on the street going, can I please have a quarter?
We're like, quarters don't exist.
Popcorn is now exchanged on a currency of ideals.
Thank you for your interest in our institution.
Here's your popcorn.
I didn't even do anything.
I didn't make a toilet for that money, even indirectly.
Even the toilet making that I do in Hollywood called Monster House.
None of that went into this thing.
I did nothing.
I was just a dude with a phone.
So I got popcorn for being a dude with a phone.
I went back and then I'm like, these people need all my money.
Whatever they're working on that needs to spread and it needs to be how all of society works.
So I did go through the maybe 40 to 80 minute process of getting my credit card in there.
But it's an app for vending machines.
It makes you like the Tarzan of vending machines.
When you're near a vending machine that has this thing in it,
the vending machines, if you turn on your notifications, it's consensual.
You can choose to not do it.
The vending machines will vibrate your pocket and go, I know you like Twizzlers.
You've bought a lot of them.
We're trying to get rid of some over here.
We being a box of food that normally you can only,
that you love and you look inside and you see all these fun things behind these robot arms
and you're like, but the filthy dollar thing that turns you off.
I don't want to engage in this gross fucking capitalist sex thing
with this herpy fucking handshake that you do with these robots.
Give me your dirty fucking hepatitis money and I'll give you some back
in a fucking bubblegum laden pit and you fucking bite it.
Everything's filthy and disgusting and nothing works.
They've eliminated it.
It goes, hey, you like Diet Coke, two for one, bro, get over here.
You say, you're like, I gotta go.
Where are you going?
Something.
And you go to the thing and you don't do anything.
It's like, here you are $25 on your credit.
It's like lights up.
If you've never seen that little LED thing on a vending machine,
say credit $25.
It's like you won life.
And then you're just like fucking salted nut rolls.
Boom.
Peanut butter crackers.
I give a fuck now.
I don't usually get those.
I mean, they look gross and dry and orange, but why not?
There's nothing.
And I just like, and you don't have to like load up
because you can come back.
It's yours.
You own the vending machine now.
That isn't your property.
You just walk the fuck away. There's no change.
There's nothing.
Isn't this how like they get your credit card number?
It's great.
I don't know what.
I called back.
If this was a comedy album, that would be a great,
it would be like, OK, then there'd be a little bit of silence.
And then my next bit would be like, diapers are hard to buy.
I don't have kids, but I wish they were easier to buy.
So now you, do you still have credit on?
Is this just that one particular jukebox?
A jukebox.
Because we have the jukebox app too.
But is this vending machines all around the world now
that you can do this?
No, it's like, it's like everything's,
everything's being amplified.
So it's like, like, it's like, it's like this,
this thing uses other apps and banks and things to like,
like, it interfaces with Apple Pay,
or MasterCard has a thing that's like Apple Pay,
or there's like all these services where you can take a credit card,
it's basically like PayPal, you can like put,
you can put some of your money in a reservoir.
But it's your money, it's just that the vending machine now knows
you're good for it.
You're a fish, you're a whale.
Oh, shit, Harmon's in town.
The moment you walk down Cheetos, like a fucking,
this guy moves Cheetos, we've been trying to move Cheetos.
I'm telling you, they have discounts.
Think of all the times that you've bought stuff out of a vending machine,
what if you were, what if you were recognized for that by vending machines?
What if all of them respected you for that?
You would be famous, like vending machine famous?
Who vending machines?
Yes, that you would like walk by them and they go, hey,
like, hey Tony, like, do you want, do you want a payday?
We don't have salted gut rolls, but I know you like peanuts and nougat,
and you just go like, maybe later.
And they're like, fine, like, we don't care,
but like, we'd love for you to have what we have,
and just feel, I cried, I cried all night.
I was a little drunk, but I just, I really had an emotional reaction.
I was like, weeping to my girlfriend.
I was like, this is, I have a sea of text messages,
like, and she's going, okay, I'm glad you're happy.
But I didn't punch a wall, and I didn't break any light bulbs,
and I didn't get on Twitter and like yell at a 15 year old kid
until he hung himself.
Because you were descending into a diabetic coma.
Yeah.
How many items do you reckon you had last night?
That's the other things, because I didn't have to look up.
How many? How many?
I had a bag of Cheetos, I had a bag of free popcorn,
which doesn't count, and then the aforementioned,
like glow-in-the-dark orange peanut butter crackers.
Just as an experimentation, which I am now free to do,
because I'm a vending machine lord, I can now,
this is good for everybody, this is churn.
Like, I'm now going to be a more open-minded Vendee.
Vendetta?
What a lot of people don't know, and Dan would be embarrassed if I mentioned it.
I looked up my hotel window last night, about 1 a.m.,
there was Dan standing in the corner of Charles and Stuart
just handing food out to the homeless all night long.
Just hear some Cheetos.
Very giving.
Wait, I don't know where he's going with that.
Did you guys have a hard time sleeping last night?
Because we're on L.A. time?
Yeah.
You had a hard time sleeping?
Oh, yeah, so hard.
What'd you do? Would you do anything?
I yelled at people online.
Okay.
What's the beef?
Let's skip it.
What's your beef?
I forced myself to stay up until like 3 a.m.,
just helping places I wanted to eat at when I got up.
I didn't have to force myself because there were two ladies
upstairs on the balcony talking all night long.
Wait, can you, let me, I can't believe I'm doing this.
Do you mind if I disrupt you for a second?
I can't even, I can't even believe myself.
Why do I, but I just want to put the wheels in motion
because I have a friend here that I want to,
I want to introduce people to.
Erin, if you want to start making your clumsy way,
whatever circuitous path you can.
Erin McGathy, everybody.
It's a lie, it's a lie, it's a trick.
Sorry, sorry, we're sorry.
I fell for it myself.
What a weird lie.
Obviously everyone would believe that.
Oh, his ex-wife is here.
We miss her.
That was an awful joke.
I felt, I felt.
It was great for everybody but you.
What's that?
What?
Help?
Oh, wait, someone needs help.
Hey, can we get someone, is there someone,
someone needs help, call 911 or something?
Is he hurt?
He needs help, he needs medical help.
Oh, shit.
Can we get a, a doctor?
Can we, can we get an ambulance here?
Do we have any medical team out here?
Was he choking?
All right.
Does he need water?
Oh, no, it's okay.
You did, you did absolutely the right thing.
Thank you for.
Yeah.
It sounds like he's getting faint.
All right, awesome.
Organum some air.
Okay, great.
Yeah.
Thanks for pulling together.
Everybody would appreciate it.
Look what you're doing.
You're killing people.
I'm so sorry.
Your vending machine gave him the vapors.
He probably got excited.
We're not going to make jokes about what happens.
That's not the joke area for us right now.
We're going to wait, we're going to wait until tomorrow
and we can make all the jokes we want.
Dance.
But anyways, no, anyway, that, that, that, yeah,
air is airing.
Is that him?
Oh.
Oh, hey.
Let's introduce him.
Have a stool.
Have you guys ever heard of the podcast lore?
Oh, awesome.
This is Aaron Mankey, everybody.
Hi.
Thanks for, thanks for, thank you.
I'm such a big fan.
You don't know who I am, but I'm a big fan.
I love this shit.
Holy shit.
Yeah.
For those who don't know, lore is a very popular podcast.
It's, you know, Aaron's kind of a self starter and it's like,
it's lore.
It's like, which I would describe as the crossroads between
legend and historical fact.
Right.
Like, like, it's like, oh, for every, for every vampire that
we hear exists, there's like a reason why we heard vampires
exist, which goes back to some actual historical thing.
And that's what lore is.
Right.
That's a pretty good description.
Yeah.
So I discuss football and politics.
But, but, you know, and I think, I think particularly like I would
say the real reason for the success is that you take it very
seriously.
You're a good researcher and you're a good, you're a good performer
too.
Like you, you're reading your own stuff.
You kind of, you kind of, to me, you embody why podcasting is
better than other media at its best.
It's because there's an authenticity in addition to the
professionalism.
You're not just a mannequin that was like, that would be hot.
But that was, that was like, that was carved out by the
system's needs.
So it's like, oh, he's really good at making people believe him.
So he's cast behind this desk.
And then these people that are good at writing things and these
people are good at shooting things.
You're a one man team that like you're interested in this stuff.
And then you, you are who you are and your personality like exudes
so we can trust you and listen to you talk about Loch Ness and
vampires and werewolves and magic beans.
And they're the magic fruit.
We made friends online because I, because I tweeted that after
listening to your podcast a lot and I'm going to have Aaron like
read you so that people aren't familiar with him.
I'm going to have him do a cold read of one of his lore
intros.
Openings.
Which I just feel I have a certain style to them.
And to the point where I like, I tweeted that after I make love
to Cody, I like to just finish by saying, I'm Aaron Mankey.
And let me say Cody has confirmed this is true.
And then you tweeted back and we're like clearly unafended by it
and we became fast friends.
We met up for drinks and we like each other's jibs.
But yeah, I mean, yeah, I'm not good at anything.
But do you want to, let's just give him a taste of, this is Aaron
doing a live cold read of kind of like what he does at the top of
each of his episodes.
You've got one pulled up.
That's the text.
And Jeff, you've got some of the music.
I've got some of your music here.
Yeah.
Make sure to eat that mic, brother.
Yeah, get the mic right at close.
This is Boston.
They don't fucking.
Do you want me to start?
Can I get a lapel mic, please?
And a suit jacket?
And a glass of, I'm going to live it 20 years.
Chablis.
Yes.
Do you want the music to begin?
Please.
Okay, here we go.
Yeah.
On June 24th, 1408, a French court sentenced a murderer to death
by execution.
She had entered the home of a neighbor and found a four month old
child inside alone and unattended.
Although she never disclosed her reason for doing so.
She killed the child right there in the house.
After her trial, she was moved to the prison to be held until her
execution.
The others who were in prison there most certainly jeered at her.
They called her names.
Yes, they were hardened criminals, but to kill a child, even they were
appalled.
The prison, however, treated her with the same as the same as those
men charged.
Charged her family the same daily rate for her meals.
The quality was a rare thing for her, you see.
On July 17th, she was guided to the platform and a rope was placed
around her neck.
A crowd was most likely gathered that day to watch the spectacle.
Like the criminals inside the prison, they too had mocked her and
shouted insults.
And then after the trapdoor snapped open, she plummeted to her
death.
It was over.
History is full of these stories.
A criminal goes to trial and justice wins the day.
What was odd about that trial in 1408, though, was the suspect,
because she wasn't a local woman or even a relative of the child she
killed.
She wasn't even human, you see.
She was a pig.
Literally, a farm animal tried in the court of law and sentenced to be
shot to death and then executed on the gallows three weeks later.
Say it.
Better eight than never.
During the long history of criminal trials, spanning cultures and
histories, all manner of oddities have entered the courtroom.
As unusual as it might sound to put livestock on trial, humans have
been guilty of worse.
You see, sometimes even the dead get to testify.
I'm Aaron Mankey, and this is Harmontown.
It's the podcasting equivalent of having, like, skrillex up here.
He's like, wow, he really does just do it that way.
I thought you'd be like, well, I need 70 takes.
Yeah, you paused and we thought you were going to say I'm Aaron Mankey,
and you said better eight than never.
That wasn't in the original, was it?
No.
Just checking.
Just checking because it would have worked there.
That would have been great.
It would have been great in there.
I would have been okay with that.
No sense on that poster.
Do you want me to go back and edit that audio?
Would you please?
For the old episode?
Do you think back in 1408 they were frugal enough and frifty enough that they
ate that pig, or do you not eat a condemned pig?
I'm going to guess they ate it.
Yeah.
I mean, I want it very badly to be able to do this because most fans of podcasts,
like, we listen to you, and then I want to do what you do.
And I don't know, and I've been thinking, like, well, Jeff has the music,
and I want to try doing it, but I don't know how to, like, I just want to try one.
You just play the music.
And give me a, will you give me a topic to, give me a, or what?
Give them some folklore to riff on.
Yeah.
I don't know if we're local enough for that.
I do Salem witch trials.
Salem witch trials?
Yeah.
So then I have to, what I've learned from you is I have to back up three, three,
like, boxes from Salem witch trials or even witches.
So, okay.
Right.
I'm going to start off by talking about the history of Antiochquist.
And then we'll work our way up to.
Yeah.
You ready then?
What?
Here we go.
In 1981, Arnold Palmer was at the top of the charts.
He loved music, but what he really loved was socks.
Socks made of cotton and Arnold Palmer could only buy those socks in one store.
You see, cotton was scarce and socks being made from them were scarcer.
So when Arnold Palmer walked into the Sears that day, what he didn't know.
Well, is that he'd be starting on fire?
The fluorescent lights due to faulty wiring in the section above the men's socks caught
fire and fell on his head, bursting him into flames and ending the career of a celebrated
musician.
You see, America burns what it loves.
Whether it's Michael Jackson or a witch.
What is a witch and where does a witch go if a witch doesn't know?
When I think about witches, I think about Salem, the capital of witches, but not a good place
for them to live.
You see, in Salem, as far back as 1492, these witches far from sailing the ocean blue.
Were subjected to the opposite of oceans, fire, the same fire that burnt Arnold Palmer
and Michael Jackson and eventually the Loch Ness Monster.
But that cold day in 1492, Salem was about to learn that what goes around burns around.
I'm Aaron Mahnke.
And this is Lore.
I have a couple of follow-up questions about that.
I think I was thinking of Robert Palmer, by the way.
Robert Palmer would be...
Not that it matters.
People forget about that.
Not only was Arnie a great golfer, but he had some great hits in the early 80s.
He was simply irresistible.
Remember that video where he's got the golf club and the girls with the lipstick?
Arnold.
She's so fine, she got a bogey on the back night.
She's so fine, there's iced tea in her lemonade.
So your podcast, you let go, okay, so there's these monsters and stuff and this is how you get rid of them?
Like if a Dracula shows up.
If a Dracula shows up, you could say, well, actually, garlic doesn't work on Dracula.
It only works on Boris Barlow.
I'm not really the Neil deGrasse Tyson of folklore.
That's not what I do.
Who is, in your opinion, today in the world?
No, but I haven't heard of this until now, so I'm going to check it out.
Well, here's the rock because you're not as much of a...
Dog?
He's more of a visual guy.
You'd be happy to know he's working on his second season of the hit show lore based on his podcast and that there's a season out.
What is it, Amazon?
Amazon.
You can watch it.
Oh, okay, even better.
You can watch it come to life and Robert Patrick's in one.
You remember him from The Terminator.
He's so stupid you have to trick him into smart stuff.
Robert Patrick?
Robert Patrick is stupid?
Shit.
But Erin, are you from Boston?
No, no, I grew up in the Midwest.
Why do you have a relationship with the Wilbur?
I remember because you saw that I was performing here and you're like, hey, I'm going to be there.
The folks that run the Wilbur have a tour company for folks like us.
Okay.
And they represent me in book venues.
I played here a year and a half ago.
You ever see the blue man group here?
How would you get rid of a blue man?
Back to your bags.
All right.
What gets rid of a blue man?
What's the origin of the blue man?
You make a circle of salt, right?
And it stops them.
Okay.
Like slugs.
All right.
Spencer, will you do a lore intro about the blue man group?
If it's bad.
Sure.
Uh-oh.
Wait, it's being weird.
All right.
Somebody help me out.
Where'd it go?
Let's talk about immigration.
Okay.
I think it's a problem.
It drives me nuts when somebody posts a picture and it'll be a picture of a pretty white girl
and it'll say, like, separated from her family when an immigrant shot her.
And you go, okay.
Okay.
So you care about people.
So let's pass a bunch of sweeping legislation to protect people.
I'm sure you're into all of those.
And then they go, well, it's contrary to what you might think.
I'm not just some trailer trash.
I do have opinions about it.
It's like, why are we having a grown-up conversation that you crashed with your fucking photo of
somebody saying, like, ooh, a brown person shot.
There's, like, people just post memes.
And then they're like, look at this.
Oogity boogity.
And it's like a dead rat they bring in from the backyard.
And then you're supposed to dim the lights and pour some wine and talk to them like adults.
Is that how you get rid of a blue man?
No.
Can you get a blue rat?
Okay.
But keep looking.
What could I get rid of with that spell?
I think I'm not understanding the show yet.
It's, well...
Still.
It's about actual shit.
The asshole.
The blue man group exists.
I've seen commercials.
Yeah, so...
So name something...
Dickhead!
Name something that doesn't exist.
Telling him that I'm stupid with the Robert Patrick side mouth?
You didn't think I saw that?
You're talking into a microphone, you dipshit.
I'm glad I came.
That is the most twisted attack on anyone ever.
I'm glad I'm here.
You know what?
You deserve me being in your life.
I couldn't have happened to a better person.
So I found what it's like to be on Twitter.
Right here.
Yeah.
Well, you know, you had a little dust-up with Crystalia,
and you've been active on Twitter,
and you've been like, you know, you're Aaron Mankey,
and you have your opinions,
and you're finding out what all of us are,
which is like, well, people might like your podcast
because it's about werewolves,
and they might also maybe vote differently from you
or have a different opinion,
and then you tweet something,
and then people pile on you, right?
They go like, what the fuck, bro?
My girlfriend and I try to fuck to your podcast, man.
The fuck you talking about baby-switch for?
Talk about werewolves on your Twitter,
and then you're like, eat me, right?
Well, you know.
In so many words.
Right.
Yeah.
That's probably the last thing I could say, right?
Probably.
But you don't get on Twitter to become happy, right?
We can recognize at least as a population
that we don't get on Twitter to make ourselves happy.
We're getting on Twitter to make ourselves unhappy.
Like, we never go like, I'm so happy right now.
I should be happier.
I'm gonna get on Twitter.
If you're happy, you forget to get on Twitter.
If you're sad, you're like, I'm so fucking sad.
I don't know whether I should eat glass,
like eat a box of donuts,
like dip my head in turpentine,
or get on Twitter.
Twitter's the closest thing you can do.
Befriend a vending machine.
What's that?
Or befriend a vending machine?
Yeah, well, no.
I mean, that was a joyous night.
Like, I won't have you...
You guys are acting like I was described.
I was happy last night.
That's a new thing I learned from my personal trainer, Dave Kline,
if you watch my Instagram workouts.
Dave Kline has been on the show.
He told me, you know, he kind of blew my mind with this.
I'm trying to practice this and seeing how it goes.
He said, you know, love can be a weapon.
He didn't put it that way.
Like, you can choose to express love
and be in a loving place as an assertion of your power.
I'm paraphrasing him.
We associate love with, like, acquiescence and, like,
oh, I have to break through past all of my needs to be in control
and not feel stupid.
And, like, all these things that society kind of, like, demands of us in the moment.
Like, it's kind of incompatible with this idea we have about love,
which is that you're zen and you're open to everything
and you're even kind of weak on purpose
and you're osmosically going to absorb everyone's point of view and stuff.
But there's this version of love where you can just be like,
I love everything because that gives me power.
That makes me a good person and it gives me power over everyone.
Like, it makes me a more evolved person.
You can choose to do it for kind of selfish reasons to be like,
I'm in love with what's going on right now
because I'm better than people.
I think that's fair.
I mean, that seems like it slots in with the four agreements, honestly.
It's certainly, like...
It's very nice.
You know, maybe it's not the best way to be taught about love,
but it's certainly, like, maybe a rope into the pit
when you're not feeling love at all.
And you're like, like, oh, man, I just want to, like, eat a rock right now.
I don't want to love anything.
And it's always like, yeah, but you know what love is,
it's making everybody else eat your fucking love shit.
You know?
Like, if I get off the elevator at Rick and Morty's offices
and I come out and I'm feeling like I love being there,
I'm going to, everyone else is going to be happier
and do a better job.
And, like, it is strength and it is leadership.
How are you going to do that?
70 episodes.
I mean, how?
By loving, by loving it.
I love it.
There's so many, Dan, it's so many episodes.
70.
How many have you done so far?
What's the answer?
I have a question.
What's the answer to your question?
What's a Rick and Mortis?
No.
You know, there's supposed to be an unspoken exchange of fandom here.
Right?
No, it's the current news.
Are you ready with the...
So many episodes.
Yeah, what are you doing here?
Spencer's going to do it.
Why are you here?
Are you writing right now?
What's that?
Should you be writing it?
You should be writing it right now.
I had to cut.
You haven't even started.
We've been waiting how long.
Months. Months?
Right?
I mean, come on.
Come on, where is it?
Where is it, Dan?
Where is it?
Dan, where's it?
What are you doing?
You better start writing it.
Are you going to write one right now, Dan?
God.
If I have to.
He'll try.
70 episodes. Get to work.
Can we pull up...
Welcome to Notes.
I can't wait to see that first porn page just open up.
This is Levy's laptop.
He's asexual.
He's not asexual.
He listens to Dave Matthews.
He's not last night.
The only thing I hear is...
I stand correct to her dates, believe me.
I take it back.
No, I'm sorry. I didn't mean that.
And also, you can be asexual.
I admire you if you are.
It's not an insult.
It's actually, I think, I envy you.
I would like to be asexual.
Would you like to be...are you asexual?
First, are you?
First question. Want to fuck?
Do you think that's like an asexual thing?
People get together at asexual bars and they're like,
I don't need to have sex. Me neither.
Me as well then, right? Yeah.
And they have the best sex ever.
Because they're like, this doesn't matter.
I agree.
It's like, that's how we feel about Krispy Kreme, right?
Like, there's nothing...
They would be great. That would be the best sex.
That's how sex should be, probably.
I don't mean to...I don't want to trivialize it for romantics, though.
Sex should be important to you if it's important to you.
Is sex important to you, Aaron Mankey?
When you're done, do you say,
I'm Aaron Mankey?
Everybody that's here tonight on a date,
just please go home and fucking say that afterwards.
I'm Aaron Mankey.
And you may be carrying lore.
So far, I love it.
Can we enlarge that? Can we go full...
Is that as big as it gets?
I can't.
I don't know.
Is there a font size?
Press that green button.
Let Aaron Mankey tell me.
A, A.
Right on your menu, on your toolbar.
No, down in the window.
Oh, top of the screen.
A, A.
This is why it's taking so fucking long.
It's like alcohol and synonymous.
Oh, there, okay.
We'll have evolved out of, like,
pinkies before the show is finished.
Well, I don't know. Look, there's been technical...
I'm happy to bake it.
Dan just maximized the window.
Fade in. Fade in.
All right, so it's...
It doesn't, it doesn't...
Steve Levy.
Make it big.
All right.
Steve, Steve, why don't...
Oh!
Boo!
Yeah, boo!
Shame.
Credit card information.
Explaining this wouldn't help.
Bank account.
Bank account number.
Vending machine password.
Venmo.
Rah, rah, rah, rah.
Just select it all.
All right, for the listeners at home,
Steve Levy and then Aaron Mankey and Dan
are trying to figure out how computers work.
And Dan, Dan is going to freestyle...
Oh, which template would you like?
I think that...
All right.
Now we're talking.
You could, you could, you could, Spencer...
Steve just plugged in.
He got word open.
That whole ordeal was opening one file.
Dan, Dan, for the home listener,
do you want me to narrate as you write or no?
Sure.
Or if you wanted to be a surprise,
keep your eyes closed.
Interior Rick's Garage Day.
Rick is making science.
Rick.
Brackets scientifically.
This should be some good burp.
Science.
Yeah!
Whoo!
Morty.
Morty, 14.
Hot, but doesn't know it enters.
Morty.
Hi.
Hi, Don.
Jeez, Rick.
Are you making more science?
Rick.
No, Morty.
Morty.
Are you lying?
Rick.
Does it matter?
Morty.
Someone with an empirical moral compass.
Does anybody out there do a really good Rick
or Morty impression?
You're doing great.
Twilight Guy?
Twilight Maker.
Get up here.
The Twilight Maker says he does.
Check one, two.
What's your name, Twilight Maker?
Crew.
Give it up for Crew.
All right.
I do Morty.
I don't do both.
Okay.
Do you have a Rick out there?
Does anyone do a Rick?
You're too far away.
I'll do Rick.
Okay.
Do Morty.
Oh, sorry.
Wait.
That's Rick.
I'm Morty.
Morty, you're trying to make words sound more important
by training ones that are longer than other ones together
and it's only going to result in a bunch of words.
You may as well just accept your cosmic role as a dumbass.
Oh, okay, Rick.
Rick, whatever you say.
Morty, you sound more like Mickey Mouse to be quite honest with you.
Jeff's going off the hook.
Oh, geez.
I hope there's no copyright infringement, Rick.
Oh, boy.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Come on.
Sorry.
Sorry, Rob.
Stick to the script.
We're not paying you.
We're paying him.
I thought this was who's line.
Morty, are you okay?
Improvised.
It's Rick, aren't it?
Aren't you the guy from the audience, the Dan Harmon?
He pointed out every time he talked about toilet making.
Yes.
This episode is good enough to pretty slow start, Morty.
This has gone off the rails, Morty.
Then, Sinister, do you want to see the rails, Morty?
The Donnie Darko guidelines that make everything we haven't done the things that we're already
going to do.
This is Sir Bon Jovi.
Yes.
Follow me, or don't.
You already have.
Rick walks into a thing and pushes a thing.
Justin usually deals with the visuals.
A drawer opens inside a thing.
Stairs are in it.
Back to dialogue, okay?
It's what I'm good at, Morty.
Yes, please, Rick.
Oh, jeez, Rick.
Take me down to the funky town.
Rick?
What?
The funky town?
It's a new millennial euphemism for bathrooms.
Morty, what the fuck?
Never mind.
Down the stairs to the rails.
There's Rick impression.
Real number on your voice, Morty.
Oh, jeez, not mine.
No, no, no, no, come on.
I'm not going to tell you again.
Rick takes Morty down stairs.
My voice is...
9-11!
Spencer, I'm having vocal surgery in a few days.
You want to take over as Rick?
Yeah, yeah, okay.
It's 9-11, Morty.
So?
Oh, it's my 9-11 alarm.
So it's important to never forget it.
His phone is ringing.
It's my 9-11 alarm.
That's...
Sorry.
Do you need to take that?
No, it's for 9-11, sorry.
Is it the toilet company?
Sorry, sorry.
We could have used that on 9-11.
Okay, but does remembering it have to distract us from things we're already doing?
No.
Aaron Mankey, 30-ish, hot and nosy, steps from the shadows.
Hello.
Holy shit, Morty.
It's Aaron Mankey.
Or is it?
Identity has always been...
An awkward concept.
From the shores of Salem.
In 1492.
To the Boston Mall in 1982.
Mankind, or should I say, some kind,
has sought to answer one particular nagging question.
Who am I?
Where did I get here from?
Crunch, crunch, crunch.
How can I guarantee that a Dracula won't bury me alive?
The answer has come in a variety of forms.
From shoes to Tonka trucks and tampons.
But one theme continues to emerge
on the winding road of mortality.
I'm Aaron Mankey.
And this is the Omega protocol.
That was a good line read.
Aaron Mankey turns into a moth man.
Run, Morty!
I just wanted to make toilets.
All will be consumed by the flame eye circle.
Oh, that does actually make sense.
I thought it was a typo, but no, that's good.
You liked the delivery, was that good?
Aaron Mankey eats everyone.
That's here for crew, everybody.
I don't think that's going to be riveting radio.
But it's going to be great television.
So the season is 70 episodes long?
Who does that?
Everyone keeps going, oh, so it'll be seven seasons.
I'm like, no, welcome to 25 episodes a year
and early retirement.
I will show you how bad a Rick and Morty can get.
I'm writing one right now with my extra Iron Man suit at home.
This is episode eight.
I'll fuck up a Spider-Man from here.
I don't care.
I'm like training Spider-Man with one suit.
Marvel loyalists.
It's felt like Spider-Man deserves to not just become
like an adjunct to the Iron Man.
Come on, Spider-Man.
All right, let's hear the blue man group.
Oh, shit, this is going to be...
Blue man group, Laura, intro by Spencer.
APPLAUSE
Mankind has been eating food for years,
decades, if we're honest.
And for most of that time, it hasn't been salted.
When John Wilkes Booth walked into the mall one day,
he had no idea what he was about to add to the culinary landscape.
Spying a big crystalline rock, he needed to lick it.
And lick it, he did.
Since then, salt has been commonplace at the dinner table
across America and the world.
But that made no difference to Margaret Cho
as she left her house one morning,
headed to the same mall.
The sound was peculiar.
A corpse torn asunder, covered in blue markings,
and surrounded by the remnants of a broken salt circle.
No one knows what the first sighting of the blue man group was.
And one doesn't have to, to fear.
You see, things that are blue have a way
of coming back around,
and things that aren't might just surprise you.
I'm Aaron Mankey, and this is Lore.
APPLAUSE
That's a good Lore! That's a good Lore!
That's good!
I am a huge fan. I love your stuff.
You've got the job!
Thank you.
There's some overlap with Dungeon Mastery.
No, I seriously, the real-world take on folklore
is very inspiring as someone who weaves folklore
into fantasy narratives.
I think it's a really cool source of inspiration.
I constantly hear from people that do D&D campaigns
and they take inspiration from the show to build stuff.
I play D&D every week.
Oh, nice!
APPLAUSE
With racists.
While we're on the topic, everyone...
Everyone will...
That's the new thing.
Alt-right D&D is ticking off, man.
Yeah.
And a couple of campaigns ago, I was the Lore Bard.
Oh, yeah.
You can believe it, yeah.
A Lore Bard?
Yeah, if you're a Bard,
you can pick one of the colleges.
I always wanted to be...
Lore Bard.
Oh, yeah.
And one of the cutting words is one of the best spells.
You just make fun of people the entire night.
Yeah, you can kill someone by insulting them.
It's amazing.
I would hate to get insulted by Aaron Mahnke.
Can you imagine?
He'd go,
throughout history,
pants
have had one purpose.
To cover or present
the extremities below the abdomen.
However, your pants
appear to be entirely removed from that purpose,
all together.
They look like raggedy-ass Kmart pants.
I'm Aaron Mahnke.
You burnt.
And this is Lore Bard.
I'm Aaron Mahnke,
and those converse are piss wipers.
I used to call bad shit piss wipers.
When I was a kid, you had to have, like,
these big, crazy,
your shoes had to be, like,
rag-anomic, fucking, like,
Nike things that had, like,
pumps and Velcro
and zippers,
and Michael Jackson had to be
in one of the laces.
And if you had anything lesser than that,
like, something that, you know,
more recently would be
really nice shoes that people like.
They're like those canvas all-stars.
They were called piss wipers,
because they kind of turned yellow over time.
Piss wipers.
Were they wicked piss wipers?
Wicked piss wipers.
You got wicked retarded piss wipers.
Honey, I like damn apples.
I like them just fine
from the seas of Boston Bay
to the hotel that I'm staying in.
That's the two locations I know.
The home of Quincy Jones.
Go to Little Italy.
Eat a pie.
Go to see a lantern in the sky.
Old-timey lanterns.
Two if by C.
I don't know what I'm doing.
It's the jingle for the Boston Tourism Board.
Come check out our fancy streets
and see where fallout three happened.
See how many things...
That's what I was most excited about.
That's where fallout three is.
Dan.
Fallout four.
He played it. He actually played it.
You did. You played fallout four.
No, wait. Fallout four was New Vegas, I thought.
No, fallout New Vegas was after fallout three
but before fallout four.
He definitely played it.
I'm very happy that you guys are that upset about it
because that makes you my kind.
Dan, you said you were going to get political tonight.
Wait, let me get this straight.
Fallout three was like the big one.
Yeah.
Then fallout New Vegas.
Then fallout New Vegas, which was not a number.
It was just fallout New Vegas.
It was like an expansion.
So then fallout four.
Boston.
Got it. That's why I got confused.
Do you get to go down the Liberty Trail
and kick ass?
Yeah, you follow the Liberty Trail.
That's a thing.
Dan, from your knowledge of fallout four,
how many stops do you think
if you were a true guy, you could name
on the Liberty Trail?
No, I can't know.
The place where you fight the big giants
and you hide in the cargo bin.
Oh, yeah, the super mutants hide out.
Yeah.
Fallout four!
I appreciate the effort.
He's communicating with them.
Did you hear?
It's amazing.
I like to just think that they love all video games
this much.
If we were overwatched, they'd be like,
Tracer! Oh, my God!
They just love video games.
Yeah, see?
I would have been equally unsurprised
if you guys hated Fallout four
because it was like, that's a bullshit
reproduction of our historical
districts.
There's no fish monster in the park.
And if there was,
you certainly wouldn't have that many health packs around it.
He wouldn't need a legal seafood.
He would have gotten a unionized house.
All right.
What have we done so far?
We've covered a lot of ground.
There's just half of the
season of Rick and Morty.
Right.
We've done a bunch of episodes of
lore.
The blue man rap.
That's still the come.
I'd like to bring the word cockamamie back
a little bit.
Oh, they're on board.
Here's a thought. A great way to make me less of an elitist
would be to show me how much better
an anonymous horde would be at running my fucking life
or kill me.
Oh, yeah. I'm an elitist.
I think I'm better than a bunch of people
I don't know.
Who the fuck do you think I want to run my life?
A bunch of people I don't know?
All right.
Of course you guys wouldn't be into that.
You're a bunch of people I don't know.
You're biased.
But each one of you
as an individual is a fucking elitist.
And you're very near the coast.
You're basically coastal elites.
I'm Aaron Menke.
The avert.
The elusive libtard
is a creature
referred to
in the forests and catacombs
of almost every urban city
throughout history.
As opposed to not urban cities,
the libtard seems to manifest itself
in times and places where,
well,
people don't have
much
going on.
Abraham Lincoln
couldn't have expected his boots
to start talking to him.
But that's exactly what they did
on the morning of October 11th,
1928.
Returning to his home,
having absconded with the Lindbergh baby,
a weary Lincoln
placed the child down on the table
expecting it, perhaps justifiably,
to fly.
Only to watch it
die.
Abe Lincoln would return
that baby to the wooded edges
outside the Lindbergh estate.
But in so doing,
he would start
a bit of a dilemma
among
the rural non-elites.
You see,
Abe Lincoln was
above all
a libtard.
And he had now killed the baby of
perhaps one of the most celebrated
blue-collar heroes,
a man who single-handedly
flew from
Paris to New York,
thereby proving
that we didn't need the former.
When
Johnny Lindbergh was
buried in those woods,
his fractured cranium
oozing
baby brains, I'm sorry,
someone hurt Jesus.
I know,
try being me.
I like this.
I thought you were about to say
chocolate and candies,
which wouldn't have been offensive at all.
I'm trying to wrap it up.
Tonight's lore has been brought to you by the cool, refreshing taste of baby schwits.
By the way,
It's time to crack open the baby schwits.
The baby schwits.
Lore is brought to you with limited
commercial interruption.
However, you will be hearing some
in-line branded content.
I'm Aaron Budweiser.
And this is the cold,
clear taste
of fully-croisoned beer.
I don't know.
Aaron Mankey,
didn't you...
why do you like lore?
Not the production,
the thing that you
stole the title from.
The lore,
why do you like lore?
We know why you like lore,
because you own it.
Why do you like lore?
Who doesn't like creepy stories?
Especially ones that are real.
Yeah.
You could easily, there's a million podcast.
You could just be like,
hey, here's some unresearched
urban legends about
werewolves and things,
but you like the idea that the truth is
that this stuff might be,
that our world might be more magical?
Or do you like the fact that
we shouldn't even be calling it magic?
It should just be called normal,
because real life is fucking creepy.
Good question. I'm like fucking Bob Costas.
Wow.
Except you don't look like a little boy.
Yeah.
Bob Costas looks like a little boy.
I just know I can't say Charlie Rose anymore.
No.
Yeah.
You can't.
Yeah, people are monsters.
What are we talking about?
Was that one of your guiding themes
that you wanted to express through the podcast,
or did you find that after your research?
Because that's like the main theme
in your stuff, right?
Yeah, it's become that.
Originally, it was,
wow, check out this creepy stuff I found out
about this village that dug up one of their ladies
and cut her heart out and made a tonic out of it,
and then they drank it.
The one that I heard, Aaron,
What do you call it? A monculous?
A monculous.
There was no magic to that.
It's actual experiments on trying to
raise the dead.
It's actual things that people actually did.
It's not mythical.
I don't know, people did this.
These are court cases that actually happens.
Get yourself a dried gourd
and fill it with some blood and some semen
and maybe some ground bones,
and then shove it up a horse's womb
and wait for it.
And then crack open a nice cool baby Schwitz.
As babyschwitz.com
slash lore, offer code lore.
Get a gourd
and fill it with blood and semen
and put it in a horse.
That's been done.
Yeah, that makes sense.
It doesn't make sense.
But we only know it doesn't make sense
because we're standing on the shoulders of scientists.
Exactly.
And actually that would be science at a certain point
because you'd be like, well,
other things have blood and semen in them
and then a baby comes out so you're like,
how about if I put blood and semen in a gourd?
There's a misogynistic underpinning there, right?
It's like
men going like, come on,
we've got to be able to do this alone.
It's
they keep pulling this out
in every argument.
Like without me,
people like you wouldn't exist.
I just got to be able to wave something at her face
and go, I could come in a gourd.
I could make a horse gourd.
I haven't seen it written yet,
but we could make the argument that the alchemists
were like the first incels, right?
Yeah.
Oh.
They're definitely hacking and trolling
because it was gold, basically,
I mean, her emails.
There was an alchemist
who believed he could take urine
and distill it into gold because, you know,
they're both yellow, right?
So he filled his basement
with buckets of his own piss.
Do you want to riff this?
Can we go to the...
No.
Come on.
I want to hear what it sounds like
when you do our impression.
Let's just try one.
Do buckets of urine or whatever you want.
All right, you want me to give you something else?
That's my favorite Bob Dylan song.
What about the Chupacabra?
Wait, you got to play...
Well, get him with the music.
That's his spirit.
That's what he needs.
In 1121,
Johanna spun fucking face.
I wanted to make gold.
Sorry.
They did.
They wanted to make gold.
That's right.
It's true.
That's a secret.
Add a little truth.
So he bought himself five dozen buckets.
Using an ancient tome,
he lined the buckets up in his basement
in a nice grid.
And then he peed in them.
It smelled.
He had asparagus that night,
but that's what happens.
But six weeks later,
that urine had evaporated
and left a sticky yellow residue.
Sadly, it didn't turn into gold,
but that cologne
kept the ladies away for decades.
I'm Aaron Mankey,
and you pulled out.
You pulled out.
It's good.
I mean, you've got the weapon
that it is your real voice.
So you can...
It's just fun to listen to it.
All right.
These people paid a lot of...
They paid top dollar,
especially on a toilet maker's salary.
The money these people paid tonight,
they're definitely entitled
to D&D, right?
Let's bring out Steve Levy, everybody.
Steve Levy.
All right.
Hey.
Just trying to accommodate.
Aaron, are you going to stay around?
Are you going to stick around with us?
Play a little D&D with us, maybe?
Sure.
All right.
You can be Barony Mack.
Okay, good.
Would you stay and play the character
of Barony Mack?
He's a bear that was
brought into existence.
Of course I would.
Because good things come in bears.
Yes, they do.
Oh, damn.
In 1967,
a bear was found unconscious,
filled with semen.
Its lungs collapsed
from crying for help.
All right.
So, I don't know if you guys are...
I don't know where
our boundaries are,
but I keep...
Every time we brush up against each other,
I find myself respecting you guys more.
I haven't...
Every time you guys are like,
ah, or boo,
you should get that right, I'm like,
these guys are good people.
It's good to have
that much curation of the fallout franchise.
It's...
It's good to take civic pride.
I really...
I want to impart that to you.
I'm leaving improved.
I'm sorry, I soiled you tonight.
I do like you.
It doesn't sound the same as it does
in your skull, that's all I can tell you.
To you, it sounds like crystal clear.
Up here,
it's just...
All right, now, Spencer,
for those of you who are up today on it,
we found Patchen's Gem last time,
which might have...
Yeah.
Yeah, we did.
The church militant
of the Silver Flame,
we finally did something right.
Spencer,
we might be embarking on a new
journey possible, all right?
We might just.
All right, so we got...
I'm Chad the Fire Liker.
We got Garry Shandling, the Shambling Mound, we got...
We got Diarrhea Jr.
And you're going to be a...
You're a talking sentient bear.
All bears are probably sentient,
but you're a talking sentient bear.
And your name is Bearney Mack.
The green one's for Rob.
Bearney Mack?
You can't get one, unfortunately.
You have bear powers, and...
If you want to do stuff, you know...
Didn't Bearney Mack get some extra
feature of power last time?
What's my AC?
17.
Okay.
Am I wearing armor?
No.
But yeah, Bearney Mack
or James Addomean called him
Irr-signed Wells,
something like that.
Okay, hey guys, how's it going?
Great.
Awesome.
Last time
on Harmontown.
Yeah!
Our heroes.
Where were they?
They were in that town.
Dornester.
Dornester on the quest for Patchen's Gem.
They tried,
not very hard.
They gave up easily,
and DJ went back at it
and got captured.
Sensing imminent defeat,
our heroes leapt into action
and went to rescue DJ.
And they found a fight.
Oh, they fought. Jeff turned into a tree.
A bear showed up.
A dwarf with a whiffleball
teleported people outside of the building.
After all was said and done,
they had a hostage.
They interrogated the hostage,
and that led them to
a big farm.
At the farm, our heroes were
interrogated by the mute Boykin Hodge
and with his help,
they found the stable they were looking for.
And the gem,
that was Patchen's.
But then they were attacked
by that very same man,
who turned out to be a vampire.
He was easily killed.
What'll happen next?
Find out now
on Harmon Time.
Okay, sorry everybody.
So, you're in Boykin Hodge's big stables.
You just killed him and he exploded
into dust and skeletons after being
staked by Garry Shandling's fingers.
Dust and skeletons
he exploded into.
Yeah, multiple.
Multiple dusts.
I collected the dust
and put it in my glass jar.
Thank you very much, DJ.
That's very nice.
You know, before, sorry.
No, you go.
That's not sarcasm.
You know, before...
But that was...
Before killing this vampire,
I was having second thoughts
about whether or not we were good
or bad people.
I'm a monster, but, you know,
I'm also a decent person.
So, I, you know,
but we did some good work here,
or pretty much just me,
but there was a good things here
because this vampire probably
would have hurt some other people
and creating more vampires,
which would hurt other people.
So, you're welcome.
I'm gonna stick around, I'm thinking.
Oh, stick around.
Are you currently holding the gem?
Do you have it, Carlos?
Let's say Carlos, yeah.
Yeah, we were thinking about
putting it in Barony Max,
but because...
I should hold it because I killed the vampire,
so just...
I support that.
Thank you.
Thank you, Bear.
You know, they say if you take a gem
and you put some blood and some jizz on it,
you put it up a bear's ass.
I don't know what they say.
I just...
I am gonna hold on to it.
But you didn't kill the vampire.
No, he's kind of a George for part of our A-team.
I say we let him...
I just think...
I just...
You're an outlier.
An outlier?
I don't know what...
All right, here's the gem.
Thank you.
But it's not a...
It's...
You understand it's not for comedy.
It's like we've been looking for it for a long time.
Why would it be for comedy if we've been...
I just put it in my leaf.
I know, it's just not a bit.
You seem to be made of bits.
I don't know...
I'm giving a gem to a guy that's like
made of bits.
Bits of...
Of comedy.
I don't know...
Do you even have pockets?
You're like...
I'm a shambling mound.
Pockets of stuff all over the place.
It's like falling off of you.
If Autumn comes, does the gem...
No, give it...
Here, take it.
What's in your pockets?
Take it.
No, wait.
Take it back.
Since you...
No, no.
See...
I don't want it.
Fine.
It's on the ground.
Great.
I pick it up and put it in my glass jar.
Okay.
Aaron, is this how you play D&D?
This is how you do it?
Well, there's always the one guy
who picks everything up and puts it in the glass jar.
And the audience and everything?
Yeah.
Okay.
All right, so do we need to...
Wait, what's in your pockets?
Thank you.
Leaves.
More leaves.
How many pockets of leaves do you have?
All of them.
I don't know.
Are you just a big pocket of leaves?
Yeah.
So why do you have pockets of leaves?
What are...
Okay, you know,
let's just move on from this.
He's got it.
I thought I, you know,
you appreciated what I did,
but you didn't.
So it doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
You don't have to appreciate...
No, we need to...
Do we need to find Patchens
and return this gem to Patchens?
What a great question.
Why were you finding Patchens, Jim?
Do you guys remember?
Well, because we felt guilty
because we got waylaid by bandits on the road
and they took Patchens' gem.
Right, and so you're getting it for him.
Yes.
So we have to...
We have to get this back to Patchens.
Yeah.
We have to get this back to you,
but yeah, kinda.
Yeah, I mean...
All right, let's go find Patchens.
Okay, so last time you saw Patchens,
he was in the town before it caught fire.
All right, let's go back to town.
The fire's probably out by now.
It's not.
You can see it from the farm,
but it's still going.
All right, well, let's go sneak into town.
There's probably a big commotion going on.
How did the fire start?
Wait, do we have any enemies
that are still outstanding?
Well, the whole town, yeah.
Yeah, but it's sort of like...
Okay.
They're dealing with shit.
All right, so should we just let that sort itself out?
Yeah, I don't know.
Sometimes I hear true crime podcasts,
or it's like, you know,
someone disappears on 9.10,
and then it's like...
You know, like, it's part of the fucking thing.
It's like, then 9.11 happened,
and then like...
I'm saying, like, they're undergoing a thing
in that town right now
where we could probably relax the law a little bit.
Like, we don't...
Are you saying we go back or we don't go back?
I'm saying we go back.
No need for disguises.
I'm pretty sure people have their hands full.
I feel comfort.
Okay, cool.
Let's just grab a couple TVs on our way in.
Yeah, yeah.
How far away is the town?
Can we see?
You're technically in the town.
You're just in like the farming area.
So we're already here.
Yeah, but it's like,
the fire is on the other side of the town,
so that's why you can see it,
and you're not like in a fire right now.
Okay.
All right.
So let's go walk in
and start our Patchen's hunt.
Okay.
Just look around for him.
Yeah.
Or shamble around for him.
Thank you.
Don't you have a little song
that you can sing when you shamble?
I'm Gary's shamblin' mountain
shamblin' through this side of town
it's on fire.
All right, so we're walkin' through the town, Spencer.
Let's go ahead.
All right.
Shamblin' on the shamblin'
You're walkin' through the town
and most of the people aren't around.
It's kind of night,
and so it's like late night,
but everyone,
you can hear a commotion coming from the fire.
It seems like everyone's working together
to try to put out the fire.
Hey, are they doing an okay job?
You can't quite see him
because you're still like,
there's rows of houses and buildings
that are interposing your vision.
Why don't we go act like,
let's go lend a hand.
Let's like play ball with these people.
Okay.
Or what?
It's a little sociopathic.
We could be the town's heroes.
Town's on fire.
Okay.
You win back their favor.
Excuse me.
All right.
Well, maybe it's a good way
to look for passion.
How are they putting out the fire
with like sand?
You can't see
because you're not looking.
Let's go check it out.
The town has a well.
Yeah, it has a well.
I'm going to run to the well
and look for a bucket.
Okay.
You run to the well
and there's no buckets.
There's a hole,
like what do you call it,
like a citizen's ladder.
They're stationed from the well
all the way to the fire
and they're very engaged
in passing water.
Can I help?
Oh, yeah.
They look at you
and wave you over
and immediately insinuate you
into their lines.
So this town has cooked this.
It's such a crisis
that they're okay with a bear
coming in.
No, Bearney Mack.
Like any part in a storm.
Just to be...
Bearney Mack is a fixture
around town.
Oh, okay.
All right.
He's like a town mascot.
Could you bear some more help?
Everyone's laughing.
They're fucking loving this shit.
Okay.
But he's not the bear
that was in charge
of fire prevention, right?
Because...
Okay.
No, different bear.
Wait, no.
Because if I was smoky,
the bear showed up to like
help put out a fire.
I'd be like,
fuck you.
Where were you?
This shouldn't have happened.
Am I immune to fire
because I have all these
fire things?
You have some resistance.
Yeah.
I mean,
maybe I can put my fire
abilities to use here.
Yeah, I mean...
You can fight fire with fire.
That is what started the fire.
Right, right.
I've heard that extent.
Okay.
I go...
I go,
everybody,
just everybody,
what are you doing?
I walk up and I say,
I'm not a big scientist.
I work for the church.
I have the silver flame.
But I go up to a building on fire
and I shoot fire in a ring
around the fire
to consume the oxygen
around it
and smother the fire.
What spell is that?
Backdraft.
Produce flame.
Not enough fire.
You can try that.
Okay, hang on.
Let me... God damn it.
So...
Can he control the fire
with his powers?
Produce flame...
I mean, a little tiny bit.
Like, control fire
is a different spell to fire,
you know what I'm saying?
Do you have control?
Okay, I do this.
It's kind of a trick.
I do produce flames
so I have a fireball.
I can create a fireball
in my hand, right?
Yeah, yeah.
So I go,
I'm gonna get rid of this fire
in my way
and I go in
and I get close to the fire
and then produce a flame
and then run off with it
and throw it down the well.
You don't even care about the actual...
I keep running back and forth
and just like...
I'm digging a hole.
He's a centrist.
That's what they call him, right?
Yeah, donut.
You're almost immediately recognized
as the guy who started the fire.
Remember that?
Yeah.
What happens?
What are they saying?
They start pointing you out
because you're kind of running fast
and they're all very busy.
But you start to notice people
who aren't involved in firefighting
start to cluster and accumulate around you.
I quietly walk backward away from him.
All right.
The only person with the rapport
with the town exits the situation.
I think that's a smart move.
All right, so, yeah,
it looks like people are sizing you up
maybe to attack you
or to call the police or something.
Oh, it is in these times of trial by fire
that we must consult the silver flames
teachings on the matter.
For non-silver flame
is always the result of friction
and friction comes from fear of fire
such that fire will consume the earth
if the silver flame is not acquiesced to.
And what is the silver flame?
But love, acceptance, acquiescence,
water even is more silverflamey
than orangeflamey.
I sneak to the back of the crowd
while he's talking.
I go,
sounds like a pretty good idea.
I like what he's saying.
Give him a chance to talk.
You're a great distraction
and everyone turns to look at you
because you're a giant monster trying to like
pretend to be various nondescript people.
It doesn't mean I don't believe what...
No matter your neighbor, whoever you live near
be they bear or shambling mound
or human or out of towner
or mischievous darting flame wizard person.
All of us must work together.
In a war worth fighting
you will find yourselves shoulder to shoulder
with those you mistrust
or else the war is no war at all.
For it is the real orange flame
that we must put out now
with love and accepting everyone
absolutely unconditionally.
Fire is the real enemy.
If something's not actively on fire
it's not worth paying attention to.
At this particular time
your other conflicts will keep.
You could jump on somebody and say
hey, you offended me.
That was microaggressive.
After we beat these Nazis
there's a town on fire.
Water it.
Water the fire.
Fire.
Water with water.
Water.
Isn't that...
That seems like the opposite of what you were saying
up till that point.
I may have digressed.
As Carlos was giving that speech
I'm sneaking around the crowd
trying to see if I can find
patches in the crowd.
You're still pretty recognizable.
I'm also looking around though
and everybody likes me.
Everyone's loving it.
To create a distraction
I go to the center of everybody
I throw my shield down
kick out my sword
and just start doing the craziest
fucking dance I could think of.
There are now five distractions.
Hey look at that guy dance.
How about a sixth?
You hear the pounding of hook beats on pavement
the familiar sound of a horse with a rider
and on that horse
you hear a voice ring out
a familiar voice from a grizzled old man.
This is what happens to those
who spurn the flames light.
It's Geffen.
He's wearing brown armor
and he's wheeled in a big flaming mace
and he's bashing it into wooden structures
and setting fires.
What?
Dungeons and Dragons fans will remember
Geffen from episode 241
Excelsior!
Refresh my memory on Geffen.
He's just a guy you know.
Okay.
Is he friend or foe?
He's a friend generally.
He feels like he toes the line though.
Oh doesn't it?
Was he friends with Patchens?
No he doesn't.
He knows who Patchens is.
But anyway he's like lighting more fires
and he rides his horse
through the line of Volunteer Fireman
and smashes one in the head with a flaming mace.
Oh Geffen why?
This is what happens to those
who spurn the flames light.
Alright.
Alright Geffen.
Dan you flash back to a moment
on your prior campaign of the Eldine reaches
when you and Geffen were also
lighting villages on fire.
But now you feel worse about it
because like it seems fucked up
like in the present.
God.
Vietnam.
Yeah.
Shit.
This is like what you used to be doing
but you know it was a good thing
when you were doing it back then
and now it's like you don't like
that it's happening.
Alright.
Hey Geffen.
Come on.
I heard you preaching.
Is that not what you were doing?
You wanted more fire?
No.
Fuck.
He rides off.
You were doing that because of...
No no he doesn't.
Sorry.
He doesn't.
He doesn't ride off.
That's funny.
Is he really doing it because of me?
Well yeah.
Because you know I...
You might not remember this about your character
but you used to be like this fucked up guy
who did a lot of shitty shit.
I still am.
Yeah.
And so like...
So like this guy was a partner in crime.
You know?
He's like your foil maybe?
I don't know.
You know.
But I was trying to make a distinction
between the real fire
and the silver flame
which is actually not real fire.
Well it is.
The fire is very real.
It's inflanky.
I know the fire is very real
but the kind that needs to be put out
is not the kind that you use to put it out
which is the flame of faith.
I was trying to split a hair
to get my friends from being arrested
and Geffen, bad time for the geffer.
Yeah.
Geffen, dial it back.
Well now he rides off.
Okay.
All right.
Sorry.
That's...
No need to apologize.
It was weird.
What a weird...
Yeah.
I call out
because now the jig is up anyway.
I call out Patchens.
All right.
You hear no response.
Actually maybe we did commit to it.
Now I'm thinking,
why am I trying to be a good person?
I thought you said we were the good guys.
Maybe that's not what this town deserves.
And it seems like everything we do
we end up being the bad guys.
Okay.
I'm just starting to think
I'm remembering my previous life with Geffen
and I'm like,
oh yeah, actually we were good at one thing.
Burning towns
and murdering people.
Making people understand that it was God
that was doing it to them.
So we should,
instead of trying to put the fire out,
we should put the fire on.
Okay.
I like fire.
He said he likes it.
He doesn't say he lights it.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
You're still looking...
I know.
Are you applying as a attention master?
Have I had a change of heart?
Or are you just saying...
That was my understanding
is that you met like Steve and Geffen.
Right.
This is not what the church is for.
I'm the right person
and I'm going to change the church from the inside.
Okay.
Well that's cool.
That's an arc.
I hope so.
The fact that we keep doing this
is fine, it's forgivable
and it's actually just admirable
that I don't want to do it anymore.
Did Geffen really ride off?
Yeah.
He seemed kind of embarrassed
but also he really enjoyed it
and he looked bad in front of you
by doing the wrong thing
but he thought it was the right...
You know?
Does he really respect me that much?
No, he just thought that it was killing time.
Oh.
And he really bases that on me?
Well he heard you preaching.
He might have heard you...
He might have heard you about as good
as I was listening.
Hmm.
Which I apparently misinterpreted
some of your words
and saw you were inciting violence.
Wait, but you also thought
that my arc was that I was becoming better
than I wanted to be better
so then didn't you think it was odd
that I was preaching to burn the town?
That's what it seemed like
but I thought you were being a distraction.
I didn't think you were earnest about it.
You were just trying to be distracting.
I didn't get that you wanted to burn the town down.
He was talking about how great fire was.
You wanted to purify it with the fire of righteousness.
I'm not saying that I heard him accurately.
I'm saying I didn't hear him.
I thought you were about to get lynched
and then he was coming in to stop.
You know what real fire would do?
Fire would fight fire
and understand that people that look like
they started the fire are probably just firefighters.
So that's what happened ten minutes ago.
Yeah.
It was probably fifteen minutes ago.
I have a question.
Yeah.
Can we attack something?
Yeah, yeah.
Awesome.
You could attack the people.
No, there's no real monsters.
I attacked these waffles.
Patches!
Where is Patches?
Yeah, Patches is not around.
God damn it.
Has anyone seen Patches?
Are there any buildings not on fire?
Yeah, Shrove's house.
Let's go there.
Let's go check inside.
Yeah.
The barren shambling mound go to Shrove's house.
You go to Shrove's house.
It's empty.
No one's home.
I just want to hang behind and say,
my brothers and sisters that aren't fighting the fire,
I am on a quest for the Church of the Silver Flame.
Has anyone seen Patches?
God.
No one's really paying too close attention to you.
They're like attending to the wounded and dead
and fighting the fire.
Of the many sins that people can commit
against the Silver Flame is being distracted.
One must focus on what's important.
Geffen comes back.
I try to get...
No, no, no, no.
Geffen is like my Tyler Dyrton.
He shows off his...
Hey, Carlos, you want their attention?
You want their attention?
I...
Yes.
Do you want...
Yeah.
No, no, I don't...
On a human level, what are you planning to do?
Are we low on time, by the way?
Are we going to get kicked off stage?
We have like two minutes.
Okay, sorry, everybody.
The red coats come at...
Yeah, no, we like doing the show.
Yeah, we're having a great time.
You would eventually become as bored as us, believe me.
No, we're having fun.
So Geffen's back?
No, no, that was a good joke.
That was a great joke.
Okay, what are you...
No, no, no, what are you trying to...
I just wanted to find out where Patchens is.
Yeah, me too.
Patchens!
But he's not...
He's not here.
I wanted to be...
Patchens!
I thought I would engage them in making a religious thing.
They're looking through Schrabb's house.
We're looking for anything that will put out fire.
I'm a cleric, so I thought I would be religious
and ask for Patchens.
Sand.
But he said that they're not going to pay attention to you
because they're too busy putting the fire out.
I found that out.
Do we find anything?
You find a bag that looks like it has water symbols on it.
A bag?
Yeah, like a sack.
Hey, hey, Bernie, bag with water symbols on it.
What do you think?
It's a bag of water.
Okay, let's go.
I ride Bernie Mac into Back to Town,
waving this bag with water symbols on it.
Go ahead.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
This is the Breeders' album.
Okay, so...
So you're flailing around the bag and drops the water
and water is spilling out of it.
It's like a full bucket or something.
I'm going to go, wow.
Hey, Bernie, I'm going to start spinning it.
Do you think you could run in a circle?
Absolutely.
Okay, let's give it a shot.
Whip it around.
Around the fire.
You know, let's pick a building. Just one building first and try it.
You're steering, man. I'm whipping.
I'm whipping it around.
And we're doing,
percentage-wise, how good of a job?
Not great. The bag is, like, tied off.
And so it's not really...
Oh, okay.
I untie the bag and then
we start again.
Running around, building up your choice.
You're waving it.
Whip it around now with the bag untied.
With the symbols on it, okay?
It's crazy magic. It's like you're holding the fullest bucket everywhere.
And every motion just splashes
hordes of water.
Ah!
Join it. Join it.
Right around.
How many, like,
do we do 30 laps?
Yeah, okay.
Does that put out the fire?
Yeah, it takes about 10 minutes, but you put out the building on fire.
Okay, one building down.
Yeah, you freed up a lot of real
estate for firefighters to stand.
Right, right. Okay.
All right, next building.
We do the same thing.
Ah!
Patience!
Okay.
Do you want to keep doing that?
Oh, yeah!
Let's say we've done that. Right, yeah.
All over town. Yeah. The fire is out.
It's been two hours.
Woo!
You know something, Carlos?
You're right.
We are the good guys.
Cliff Hanger!
Yeah!
Thank you, Wilbur. Thank you, Boston.
Thank you, Massachusetts.
Rock over, London.
Let's give it up for Aaron Mankey.
Weedies, breakfast and champions.
Tonight, we are all Aaron Mankey.
Thank you, crew and the toilet maker.
I hope the person
is feeling better.
Thank you to Taylor and Alex
and everybody here at the theater.
We love this place.
Bring us back.
Give it up for Steve Levy.
Rob Schrab.
Spencer Kreveder.
Undercontroller Jeff Davis.
Give it up for your mayor, Dan Harmon.
Thank you, Boston.
You're fucking gorgeous. You're so friendly.
Thank you. I will never forget this trip.
Thank you.
Really, really nice.
Can't wait to come back.
You guys were amazing.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.